TINY-7908: SHY entities should not be treated as word-breaks (#7231)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/polaris/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - `Pattern.chars` and `Pattern.wordbreak` now accept soft hyphen (SHY) entities #TINY-7908

Author: ```suggestion
- `Pattern.chars` and `Pattern.wordbreak` now treat soft hyphen characters (`&shy;` entities) as part of a word #TINY-7908
```
